A neutralizing human antibody binds to the N-terminal domain of the Spike protein of SARS-CoV-2.
A Potently Neutralizing Antibody Protects Mice against SARS-CoV-2 Infection.
Broadening of Neutralization Activity to Directly Block a Dominant Antibody-Driven SARS-Coronavirus Evolution Pathway.
Three epitope-distinct human antibodies from RenMab mice neutralize SARS-CoV-2 and cooperatively minimize the escape of mutants.
Ultrapotent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies with protective efficacy against newly emerged mutational variants.
Structural Bases of Coronavirus Attachment to Host Aminopeptidase N and Its Inhibition by Neutralizing Antibodies.
Generation and characterization of human monoclonal neutralizing antibodies with distinct binding and sequence features against SARS coronavirus using XenoMouse®.
Identification of human neutralizing antibodies against MERS-CoV and their role in virus adaptive evolution.
Therapy with a Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome–Associated Coronavirus–Neutralizing Human Monoclonal Antibody Reduces Disease Severity and Viral Burden in Golden Syrian Hamsters.
Screening of potent neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 using convalescent patients-derived phage-display libraries.
A glycan cluster on the SARS-CoV-2 spike ectodomain is recognized by Fab-dimerized glycan-reactive antibodies.
Human monoclonal antibodies block the binding of SARS-CoV-2 spike protein to angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor.
A human monoclonal antibody blocking SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Human-IgG-Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies Block the SARS-CoV-2 Infection.
Cross-reactive coronavirus antibodies with diverse epitope specificities and Fc effector functions.
A humanized neutralizing antibody against MERS-CoV targeting the receptor-binding domain of the spike protein.
A dominant antigenic epitope on SARS-CoV spike protein identified by an avian single-chain variable fragment (scFv)-expressing phage.
Potent neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern by an antibody with a unique genetic signature and structural mode of spike recognition.
A monoclonal antibody against staphylococcal enterotoxin B superantigen inhibits SARS-CoV-2 entry in vitro.
Structural definition of a neutralization epitope on the N-terminal domain of MERS-CoV spike glycoprotein.
Structural Basis of Neutralization by a Human Anti-severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Spike Protein Antibody, 80R*.
Paired heavy and light chain signatures contribute to potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralization in public antibody responses.
Antibodies with potent and broad neutralizing activity against antigenically diverse and highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Ultrapotent antibodies against diverse and highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Naive human B cells can neutralize SARS-CoV-2 through recognition of its receptor binding domain.
Rapid identification of a human antibody with high prophylactic and therapeutic efficacy in three animal models of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Ultrapotent Human Neutralizing Antibody Repertoires Against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus From a Recovered Patient.
A rapid and efficient screening system for neutralizing antibodies and its application for the discovery of potent neutralizing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 S-RBD.
Neutralizing antibodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain isolated from a naïve human antibody library.
Production of an Anti-Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) Coronavirus Human Monoclonal Antibody Fab Fragment by Using a Combinatorial Immunoglobulin Gene Library Derived from Patients Who Recovered from SARS.
Extremely potent human monoclonal antibodies from COVID-19 convalescent patients.
A human SARS-CoV neutralizing antibody against epitope on S2 protein.
Mouse Antibodies with Activity Against the SARS-CoV-2 D614G and B.1.351 Variants.
A noncompeting pair of human neutralizing antibodies block COVID-19 virus binding to its receptor ACE2.
Structural basis for broad coronavirus neutralization.
Structures of potent and convergent neutralizing antibodies bound to the SARS-CoV-2 spike unveil a unique epitope responsible for exceptional potency.
Potent Neutralizing Antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 Identified by High-Throughput Single-Cell Sequencing of Convalescent Patients’ B Cells.
Structures of SARS-CoV-2 B.1.351 neutralizing antibodies provide insights into cocktail design against concerning variants.
B cell genomics behind cross-neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 variants and SARS-CoV.
Therapeutic antibodies, targeting the SARS-CoV-2 spike N-terminal domain, protect lethally infected K18-hACE2 mice.
Convergent antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2 in convalescent individuals.
Evolution of antibody immunity to SARS-CoV-2.
Naturally enhanced neutralizing breadth against SARS-CoV-2 one year after infection.
Memory B cell repertoire for recognition of evolving SARS-CoV-2 spike.
Convergent Antibody Responses to SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Convalescent Individuals.
Molecular basis for a germline-biased neutralizing antibody response to SARS-CoV-2.
mRNA vaccine-elicited antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 and circulating variants.
Structure and function analysis of a potent human neutralizing antibody CA521FALA against SARS-CoV-2.
Cross-reactive serum and memory B-cell responses to spike protein in SARS-CoV-2 and endemic coronavirus infection.
Isolation of potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies and protection from disease in a small animal model.
Importance of Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies Targeting Multiple Antigenic Sites on the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Spike Glycoprotein To Avoid Neutralization Escape.
Prevalent, protective, and convergent IgG recognition of SARS-CoV-2 non-RBD spike epitopes.
Sequence signatures of two IGHV3-53/3-66 public clonotypes to SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Convergent antibody responses to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in convalescent and vaccinated individuals.
Rapid isolation and profiling of a diverse panel of human monoclonal antibodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.
Potent neutralizing antibodies from COVID-19 patients define multiple targets of vulnerability.
The antigenic anatomy of SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Antibody evasion by the P.1 strain of SARS-CoV-2.
Molecular and Biological Characterization of Human Monoclonal Antibodies Binding to the Spike and Nucleocapsid Proteins of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus.
Full article: Potent SARS-CoV-2 binding and neutralization through maturation of iconic SARS-CoV-1 antibodies.
Human Monoclonal Antibody Combination against SARS Coronavirus: Synergy and Coverage of Escape Mutants.
SARS-CoV-2 Beta variant infection elicits potent lineage-specific and cross-reactive antibodies.
A SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibody protects from lung pathology in a COVID-19 hamster model.
Characterization of neutralizing antibodies from a SARS-CoV-2 infected individual.
Isolation and Characterization of Cross-Neutralizing Coronavirus Antibodies from COVID-19+ Subjects.
Ultrapotent bispecific antibodies neutralize emerging SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Evaluation of candidate vaccine approaches for MERS-CoV.
Accelerated Antibody Discovery Targeting the SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein for COVID-19 Therapeutic Potential.
Fragment-based computational design of antibodies targeting structured epitopes.
The functions of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing and infection-enhancing antibodies in vitro and in mice and nonhuman primates.
Discovery of nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 and an uncommon neutralizing mechanism.
Broadening a SARS-CoV-1 neutralizing antibody for potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralization through directed evolution.
Single-cell sequencing of plasma cells from COVID-19 patients reveals highly expanded clonal lineages produce specific and neutralizing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2.
Structural basis for the neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 by an antibody from a convalescent patient.
Molecular characterization of a panel of murine monoclonal antibodies specific for the SARS-coronavirus.
Structural Insights into Immune Recognition of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus S Protein Receptor Binding Domain.
Multivalency transforms SARS-CoV-2 antibodies into ultrapotent neutralizers.
Potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies directed against spike N-terminal domain target a single supersite.
Potent neutralizing antibodies against multiple epitopes on SARS-CoV-2 spike.
Structure-based development of human antibody cocktails against SARS-CoV-2.
Immunogenicity and structures of a rationally designed prefusion MERS-CoV spike antigen.
A potent neutralizing nanobody against SARS‐CoV‐2 with inhaled delivery potential.
Synthetic repertoires derived from convalescent COVID-19 patients enable discovery of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies and a novel quaternary binding modality.
Structural basis for neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV by a potent therapeutic antibody.
Neutralizing nanobodies bind SARS-CoV-2 spike RBD and block interaction with ACE2.
Double lock of a potent human therapeutic monoclonal antibody against SARS-CoV-2.
An affinity-enhanced, broadly neutralizing heavy chain-only antibody protects against SARS-CoV-2 infection in animal models.
A potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralising nanobody shows therapeutic efficacy in the Syrian golden hamster model of COVID-19.
Identification of an anti–SARS–CoV-2 receptor-binding domain–directed human monoclonal antibody from a naïve semisynthetic library.
Deep mining of early antibody response in COVID-19 patients yields potent neutralisers and reveals high level of convergence.
Directed evolution of potent neutralizing nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 using CDR-swapping mutagenesis.
Cross-reactivity of antibody against SARS-coronavirus nucleocapsid protein with IL-11.
Prophylactic and postexposure efficacy of a potent human monoclonal antibody against MERS coronavirus.
Potent synthetic nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 and molecular basis for neutralization.
Chicken single-chain variable fragments against the SARS-CoV spike protein.
LY-CoV1404 potently neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 variants.
LY-CoV555, a rapidly isolated potent neutralizing antibody, provides protection in a non-human primate model of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Human Neutralizing Fab Molecules against Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Generated by Phage Display.
Junctional and allele-specific residues are critical for MERS-CoV neutralization by an exceptionally potent germline-like antibody.
Exceptionally Potent Neutralization of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus by Human Monoclonal Antibodies.
Characterization of germline antibody libraries from human umbilical cord blood and selection of monoclonal antibodies to viral envelope glycoproteins: Implications for mechanisms of immune evasion and design of vaccine immunogens.
Structure of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Receptor-binding Domain Complexed with Neutralizing Antibody*.
Potent neutralizing RBD‐specific antibody cocktail against SARS‐CoV‐2 and its mutant.
Broad neutralization of SARS-related viruses by human monoclonal antibodies.
Rapid development of neutralizing and diagnostic SARS-COV-2 mouse monoclonal antibodies.
Development of SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid Specific Monoclonal Antibodies.
Human Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibody Inhibition of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Replication in the Common Marmoset.
A panel of human neutralizing mAbs targeting SARS-CoV-2 spike at multiple epitopes.
Potent Neutralization of MERS-CoV by Human Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies to the Viral Spike Glycoprotein.
Human single-chain antibodies neutralize SARS-CoV-2 variants by engaging an essential epitope of the spike: a new weapon against COVID-19.
Rapid Identification of Neutralizing Antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 Variants by mRNA Display.
Isolation and identification of an scFv antibody against nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV.
The development of Nanosota-1 as anti-SARS-CoV-2 nanobody drug candidates.
An ultrapotent synthetic nanobody neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 by stabilizing inactive Spike.
Versatile and multivalent nanobodies efficiently neutralize SARS-CoV-2.
A potent neutralizing nanobody against SARS-CoV-2 with inhaled delivery potential.
Characterization of protease activity of Nsp3 from SARS-CoV-2 and its in vitro inhibition by nanobodies.
Identification of potent human neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 implications for development of therapeutics and prophylactics.
High affinity nanobodies block SARS-CoV-2 spike receptor binding domain interaction with human angiotensin converting enzyme.
NeutrobodyPlex—monitoring SARS‐CoV‐2 neutralizing immune responses using nanobodies.
Single-Domain Antibodies for the Detection of SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid Protein.
Neutralization potency of monoclonal antibodies recognizing dominant and subdominant epitopes on SARS-CoV-2 Spike is impacted by the B.1.1.7 variant.
SARS-CoV-2 can recruit a heme metabolite to evade antibody immunity.
Rational development of a human antibody cocktail that deploys multiple functions to confer Pan-SARS-CoVs protection.
Potent and protective IGHV3-53/3-66 public antibodies and their shared escape mutant on the spike of SARS-CoV-2.
Structural basis for bivalent binding and inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 infection by human potent neutralizing antibodies.
Human neutralizing antibodies elicited by SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Broad betacoronavirus neutralization by a stem helix–specific human antibody.
A SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibody with extensive Spike binding coverage and modified for optimal therapeutic outcomes.
Landscape of human antibody recognition of the SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Glycan reactive anti-HIV-1 antibodies bind the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein but do not block viral entry.
Structural basis for SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies with novel binding epitopes.
Structure of a germline-like human antibody defines a neutralizing epitope on the SARS-CoV-2 spike NTD.
Effect of SARS-CoV-2 B.1.1.7 mutations on spike protein structure and function.
Development of Multivalent Nanobodies Blocking SARS CoV 2 Infection by Targeting RBD of Spike Protein.
Rapid generation of potent antibodies by autonomous hypermutation in yeast.
Neutralization of SARS‐CoV‐2 by highly potent, hyperthermostable, and mutation‐tolerant nanobodies.
Pre- and postexposure efficacy of fully human antibodies against Spike protein in a novel humanized mouse model of MERS-CoV infection.
Studies in humanized mice and convalescent humans yield a SARS-CoV-2 antibody cocktail.
Potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies selected from a human antibody library constructed decades ago.
Cross-neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 by a human monoclonal SARS-CoV antibody.
Ultrapotent human antibodies protect against SARS-CoV-2 challenge via multiple mechanisms.
SARS-CoV-2 immune evasion by the B.1.427/B.1.429 variant of concern.
SARS-CoV-2 RBD antibodies that maximize breadth and resistance to escape.
Structural basis for broad sarbecovirus neutralization by a human monoclonal antibody.
Broad sarbecovirus neutralization by a human monoclonal antibody.
Identification of single-chain antibody fragments specific against SARS-associated coronavirus from phage-displayed antibody library.
A potently neutralizing anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibody inhibits variants of concern by binding a highly conserved epitope.
Sybodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain.
Selection, biophysical and structural analysis of synthetic nanobodies that effectively neutralize SARS-CoV-2.
Humanized single domain antibodies neutralize SARS-CoV-2 by targeting the spike receptor binding domain.
Efficient discovery of potently neutralizing SARS-CoV-2 antibodies using LIBRA-seq with ligand blocking.
SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing human recombinant antibodies selected from pre-pandemic healthy donors binding at RBD-ACE2 interface.
Multi-clonal SARS-CoV-2 neutralization by antibodies isolated from severe COVID-19 convalescent donors.
A pair of non-competing neutralizing human monoclonal antibodies protecting from disease in a SARS-CoV-2 infection model.
SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccines induce persistent human germinal centre responses.
An alpaca nanobody neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 by blocking receptor interaction.
Bi-paratopic and multivalent human VH domains neutralize SARS-CoV-2 by targeting distinct epitopes within the ACE2 binding interface of Spike.
Chimeric camel/human heavy-chain antibodies protect against MERS-CoV infection.
Structural Basis for Potent Neutralization of Betacoronaviruses by Single-Domain Camelid Antibodies.
Structure-guided multivalent nanobodies block SARS-CoV-2 infection and suppress mutational escape.
Fast isolation of sub-nanomolar affinity alpaca nanobody against the Spike RBD of SARS-CoV-2 by combining bacterial display and a simple single-step density gradient selection.
Enhanced SARS-CoV-2 neutralization by dimeric IgA.
Nanobody cocktails potently neutralize SARS-CoV-2 D614G N501Y variant and protect mice.
A potent bispecific nanobody protects hACE2 mice against SARS-CoV-2 infection via intranasal administration.
Toolkit for Quickly Generating and Characterizing Molecular Probes Specific for SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid as a Primer for Future Coronavirus Pandemic Preparedness.
Enhancement versus neutralization by SARS-CoV-2 antibodies from a convalescent donor associates with distinct epitopes on the RBD.
Nanobodies from camelid mice and llamas neutralize SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Diverse immunoglobulin gene usage and convergent epitope targeting in neutralizing antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2.
