Fragment-based computational design of antibodies targeting structured epitopes.
Production of an Anti-Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) Coronavirus Human Monoclonal Antibody Fab Fragment by Using a Combinatorial Immunoglobulin Gene Library Derived from Patients Who Recovered from SARS.
Convergent antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2 in convalescent individuals.
Multivalency transforms SARS-CoV-2 antibodies into ultrapotent neutralizers.
Potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies directed against spike N-terminal domain target a single supersite.
Prophylactic and postexposure efficacy of a potent human monoclonal antibody against MERS coronavirus.
Rapid Identification of Neutralizing Antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 Variants by mRNA Display.
Potent neutralizing antibodies against multiple epitopes on SARS-CoV-2 spike.
Structural basis for broad coronavirus neutralization.
Structure-based development of human antibody cocktails against SARS-CoV-2.
Structure-guided multivalent nanobodies block SARS-CoV-2 infection and suppress mutational escape.
A Potently Neutralizing Antibody Protects Mice against SARS-CoV-2 Infection.
Isolation and identification of an scFv antibody against nucleocapsid protein of SARS-CoV.
Chimeric camel/human heavy-chain antibodies protect against MERS-CoV infection.
Antibodies with potent and broad neutralizing activity against antigenically diverse and highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Cross-reactivity of antibody against SARS-coronavirus nucleocapsid protein with IL-11.
Structural basis for neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-CoV by a potent therapeutic antibody.
A humanized neutralizing antibody against MERS-CoV targeting the receptor-binding domain of the spike protein.
Therapeutic antibodies, targeting the SARS-CoV-2 spike N-terminal domain, protect lethally infected K18-hACE2 mice.
A glycan cluster on the SARS-CoV-2 spike ectodomain is recognized by Fab-dimerized glycan-reactive antibodies.
Human Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibody Inhibition of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Replication in the Common Marmoset.
Cross-neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 by a human monoclonal SARS-CoV antibody.
A neutralizing human antibody binds to the N-terminal domain of the Spike protein of SARS-CoV-2.
A SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibody protects from lung pathology in a COVID-19 hamster model.
Selection, biophysical and structural analysis of synthetic nanobodies that effectively neutralize SARS-CoV-2.
Single-Domain Antibodies for the Detection of SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid Protein.
Rapid development of neutralizing and diagnostic SARS-COV-2 mouse monoclonal antibodies.
Accelerated Antibody Discovery Targeting the SARS-CoV-2 Spike Protein for COVID-19 Therapeutic Potential.
Effect of SARS-CoV-2 B.1.1.7 mutations on spike protein structure and function.
A rapid and efficient screening system for neutralizing antibodies and its application for the discovery of potent neutralizing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 S-RBD.
An affinity-enhanced, broadly neutralizing heavy chain–only antibody protects against SARS-CoV-2 infection in animal models.
Immunogenicity and structures of a rationally designed prefusion MERS-CoV spike antigen.
Ultrapotent antibodies against diverse and highly transmissible SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Isolation and Characterization of Cross-Neutralizing Coronavirus Antibodies from COVID-19+ Subjects.
Nanobodies from camelid mice and llamas neutralize SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Human Monoclonal Antibody Combination against SARS Coronavirus: Synergy and Coverage of Escape Mutants.
Rapid isolation and profiling of a diverse panel of human monoclonal antibodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein.
Potent Neutralizing Antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 Identified by High-Throughput Single-Cell Sequencing of Convalescent Patients’ B Cells.
Versatile and multivalent nanobodies efficiently neutralize SARS-CoV-2.
Convergent antibody responses to the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein in convalescent and vaccinated individuals.
Broad neutralization of SARS-related viruses by human monoclonal antibodies.
Evaluation of candidate vaccine approaches for MERS-CoV.
Structures of potent and convergent neutralizing antibodies bound to the SARS-CoV-2 spike unveil a unique epitope responsible for exceptional potency.
Identification of human neutralizing antibodies against MERS-CoV and their role in virus adaptive evolution.
A human monoclonal antibody blocking SARS-CoV-2 infection.
NeutrobodyPlex—monitoring SARS‐CoV‐2 neutralizing immune responses using nanobodies.
The functions of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing and infection-enhancing antibodies in vitro and in mice and nonhuman primates.
Enhancement versus neutralization by SARS-CoV-2 antibodies from a convalescent donor associates with distinct epitopes on the RBD.
Enhanced SARS-CoV-2 neutralization by dimeric IgA.
Molecular and Biological Characterization of Human Monoclonal Antibodies Binding to the Spike and Nucleocapsid Proteins of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus.
Deep mining of early antibody response in COVID-19 patients yields potent neutralisers and reveals high level of convergence.
Structural basis for bivalent binding and inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 infection by human potent neutralizing antibodies.
Neutralization of SARS‐CoV‐2 by highly potent, hyperthermostable, and mutation‐tolerant nanobodies.
Structural Insights into Immune Recognition of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus S Protein Receptor Binding Domain.
The development of Nanosota-1 as anti-SARS-CoV-2 nanobody drug candidates.
Potent neutralizing RBD‐specific antibody cocktail against SARS‐CoV‐2 and its mutant.
Sybodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain.
Sybodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 receptor-binding domain.
Highly potent bispecific sybodies neutralize SARS-CoV-2.
A dominant antigenic epitope on SARS-CoV spike protein identified by an avian single-chain variable fragment (scFv)-expressing phage.
Rapid generation of potent antibodies by autonomous hypermutation in yeast.
SARS-CoV-2 Beta variant infection elicits potent lineage-specific and cross-reactive antibodies.
Broadening of Neutralization Activity to Directly Block a Dominant Antibody-Driven SARS-Coronavirus Evolution Pathway.
Mapping Neutralizing and Immunodominant Sites on the SARS-CoV-2 Spike Receptor-Binding Domain by Structure-Guided High-Resolution Serology.
Identification of potent human neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 implications for development of therapeutics and prophylactics.
Ultrapotent Human Neutralizing Antibody Repertoires Against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus From a Recovered Patient.
Potent neutralizing antibodies from COVID-19 patients define multiple targets of vulnerability.
Characterization of neutralizing antibodies from a SARS-CoV-2 infected individual.
Efficient discovery of potently neutralizing SARS-CoV-2 antibodies using LIBRA-seq with ligand blocking.
SARS-CoV-2 immune evasion by the B.1.427/B.1.429 variant of concern.
Memory B cell repertoire for recognition of evolving SARS-CoV-2 spike.
Sequence signatures of two IGHV3-53/3-66 public clonotypes to SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Modular basis for potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralization by a prevalent VH1-2-derived antibody class.
B cell genomics behind cross-neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 variants and SARS-CoV.
The antigenic anatomy of SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Broadening a SARS-CoV-1 neutralizing antibody for potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralization through directed evolution.
Screening of potent neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 using convalescent patients-derived phage-display libraries.
Discovery of nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 and an uncommon neutralizing mechanism.
Ultrapotent human antibodies protect against SARS-CoV-2 challenge via multiple mechanisms.
Structure of a germline-like human antibody defines a neutralizing epitope on the SARS-CoV-2 spike NTD.
Broad betacoronavirus neutralization by a stem helix–specific human antibody.
A noncompeting pair of human neutralizing antibodies block COVID-19 virus binding to its receptor ACE2.
Characterization of protease activity of Nsp3 from SARS-CoV-2 and its in vitro inhibition by nanobodies.
Humanized single domain antibodies neutralize SARS-CoV-2 by targeting the spike receptor binding domain.
Mouse Antibodies with Activity Against the SARS-CoV-2 D614G and B.1.351 Variants.
Development of SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid Specific Monoclonal Antibodies.
Isolation of potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies and protection from disease in a small animal model.
Diverse immunoglobulin gene usage and convergent epitope targeting in neutralizing antibody responses to SARS-CoV-2.
Landscape of human antibody recognition of the SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Structural Basis of Neutralization by a Human Anti-severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Spike Protein Antibody, 80R.
Ultrapotent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies with protective efficacy against newly emerged mutational variants.
A SARS-CoV-2 antibody broadly neutralizes SARS-related coronaviruses and variants by coordinated recognition of a virus-vulnerable site.
Glycan reactive anti-HIV-1 antibodies bind the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein but do not block viral entry.
Three epitope-distinct human antibodies from RenMab mice neutralize SARS-CoV-2 and cooperatively minimize the escape of mutants.
Paired heavy and light chain signatures contribute to potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralization in public antibody responses.
Naturally enhanced neutralizing breadth against SARS-CoV-2 one year after infection.
Neutralization potency of monoclonal antibodies recognizing dominant and subdominant epitopes on SARS-CoV-2 Spike is impacted by the B.1.1.7 variant.
Human monoclonal antibodies block the binding of SARS-CoV-2 spike protein to angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor.
LY-CoV1404 potently neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 variants.
mRNA vaccine-elicited antibodies to SARS-CoV-2 and circulating variants.
Longitudinal Isolation of Potent Near-Germline SARS-CoV-2-Neutralizing Antibodies from COVID-19 Patients.
A potently neutralizing anti-SARS-CoV-2 antibody inhibits variants of concern by binding a highly conserved epitope.
Structural Definition of a Neutralization-Sensitive Epitope on the MERS-CoV S1-NTD.
A monoclonal antibody against staphylococcal enterotoxin B superantigen inhibits SARS-CoV-2 entry in vitro.
Multi-clonal SARS-CoV-2 neutralization by antibodies isolated from severe COVID-19 convalescent donors.
Single-cell sequencing of plasma cells from COVID-19 patients reveals highly expanded clonal lineages produce specific and neutralizing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2.
Cross-reactive serum and memory B-cell responses to spike protein in SARS-CoV-2 and endemic coronavirus infection.
Potent neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 variants of concern by an antibody with a unique genetic signature and structural mode of spike recognition.
Identification of single-chain antibody fragments specific against SARS-associated coronavirus from phage-displayed antibody library.
Pre- and postexposure efficacy of fully human antibodies against Spike protein in a novel humanized mouse model of MERS-CoV infection.
A human neutralizing antibody against a conformational epitope shared by oligomeric SARS S1 protein.
Structural Bases of Coronavirus Attachment to Host Aminopeptidase N and Its Inhibition by Neutralizing Antibodies.
The antigenic anatomy of SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain.
Rational development of a human antibody cocktail that deploys multiple functions to confer Pan-SARS-CoVs protection.
A human neutralizing antibody targets the receptor-binding site of SARS-CoV-2.
Structural basis for SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies with novel binding epitopes.
Development of Multivalent Nanobodies Blocking SARS CoV 2 Infection by Targeting RBD of Spike Protein.
Potent synthetic nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 and molecular basis for neutralization.
Structural basis for broad sarbecovirus neutralization by a human monoclonal antibody.
Human single-chain antibodies neutralize SARS-CoV-2 variants by engaging an essential epitope of the spike: a new weapon against COVID-19.
Rapid identification of a human antibody with high prophylactic and therapeutic efficacy in three animal models of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Convergent Antibody Responses to SARS-CoV-2 Infection in Convalescent Individuals.
Structural Definition of a Unique Neutralization Epitope on the Receptor-Binding Domain of MERS-CoV Spike Glycoprotein.
N-terminal domain antigenic mapping reveals a site of vulnerability for SARS-CoV-2.
SARS-CoV-2 RBD antibodies that maximize breadth and resistance to escape.
Double lock of a potent human therapeutic monoclonal antibody against SARS-CoV-2.
A panel of human neutralizing mAbs targeting SARS-CoV-2 spike at multiple epitopes.
Fast isolation of sub-nanomolar affinity alpaca nanobody against the Spike RBD of SARS-CoV-2 by combining bacterial display and a simple single-step density gradient selection.
Cross-reactive coronavirus antibodies with diverse epitope specificities and Fc effector functions.
A potent neutralizing nanobody against SARS-CoV-2 with inhaled delivery potential.
Humoral immune response to circulating SARS-CoV-2 variants elicited by inactivated and RBD-subunit vaccines.
Importance of Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies Targeting Multiple Antigenic Sites on the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Spike Glycoprotein To Avoid Neutralization Escape.
Potent mouse monoclonal antibodies that block SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Human Neutralizing Fab Molecules against Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Generated by Phage Display.
Identification of an anti–SARS–CoV-2 receptor-binding domain–directed human monoclonal antibody from a naïve semisynthetic library.
Junctional and allele-specific residues are critical for MERS-CoV neutralization by an exceptionally potent germline-like antibody.
Potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies selected from a human antibody library constructed decades ago.
Potent Neutralization of MERS-CoV by Human Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies to the Viral Spike Glycoprotein.
Toolkit for Quickly Generating and Characterizing Molecular Probes Specific for SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid as a Primer for Future Coronavirus Pandemic Preparedness.
A pair of non-competing neutralizing human monoclonal antibodies protecting from disease in a SARS-CoV-2 infection model.
Neutralizing nanobodies bind SARS-CoV-2 spike RBD and block interaction with ACE2.
Structural definition of a neutralization epitope on the N-terminal domain of MERS-CoV spike glycoprotein.
SARS-CoV-2 can recruit a heme metabolite to evade antibody immunity.
Potent SARS-CoV-2 binding and neutralization through maturation of iconic SARS-CoV-1 antibodies.
Studies in humanized mice and convalescent humans yield a SARS-CoV-2 antibody cocktail.
SARS-CoV-2 mRNA vaccines induce persistent human germinal centre responses.
A human SARS-CoV neutralizing antibody against epitope on S2 protein.
Potent and protective IGHV3-53/3-66 public antibodies and their shared escape mutant on the spike of SARS-CoV-2.
Structure of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus Receptor-binding Domain Complexed with Neutralizing Antibody*.
Neutralizing antibodies targeting the SARS-CoV-2 receptor binding domain isolated from a naïve human antibody library.
Evolution of antibody immunity to SARS-CoV-2.
Structures of SARS-CoV-2 B.1.351 neutralizing antibodies provide insights into cocktail design against concerning variants.
Broad sarbecovirus neutralization by a human monoclonal antibody.
High affinity nanobodies block SARS-CoV-2 spike receptor binding domain interaction with human angiotensin converting enzyme.
A potent bispecific nanobody protects hACE2 mice against SARS-CoV-2 infection via intranasal administration.
Directed evolution of potent neutralizing nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 using CDR-swapping mutagenesis.
Bi-paratopic and multivalent human VH domains neutralize SARS-CoV-2 by targeting distinct epitopes within the ACE2 binding interface of Spike.
Ultrapotent bispecific antibodies neutralize emerging SARS-CoV-2 variants.
Structure and function analysis of a potent human neutralizing antibody CA521FALA against SARS-CoV-2.
Generation and characterization of human monoclonal neutralizing antibodies with distinct binding and sequence features against SARS coronavirus using XenoMouse®.
Naive human B cells can neutralize SARS-CoV-2 through recognition of its receptor binding domain.
Extremely potent human monoclonal antibodies from COVID-19 convalescent patients.
Characterization of germline antibody libraries from human umbilical cord blood and selection of monoclonal antibodies to viral envelope glycoproteins: Implications for mechanisms of immune evasion and design of vaccine immunogens.
Structural Basis for Potent Neutralization of Betacoronaviruses by Single-Domain Camelid Antibodies.
Molecular basis for a germline-biased neutralizing antibody response to SARS-CoV-2.
Therapy with a Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome–Associated Coronavirus–Neutralizing Human Monoclonal Antibody Reduces Disease Severity and Viral Burden in Golden Syrian Hamsters.
Human neutralizing antibodies elicited by SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Human-IgG-Neutralizing Monoclonal Antibodies Block the SARS-CoV-2 Infection.
An ultrapotent synthetic nanobody neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 by stabilizing inactive Spike.
Structural basis for the neutralization of SARS-CoV-2 by an antibody from a convalescent patient.
Nanobody cocktails potently neutralize SARS-CoV-2 D614G N501Y variant and protect mice.
Prevalent, protective, and convergent IgG recognition of SARS-CoV-2 non-RBD spike epitopes.
LY-CoV555, a rapidly isolated potent neutralizing antibody, provides protection in a non-human primate model of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing human recombinant antibodies selected from pre-pandemic healthy donors binding at RBD-ACE2 interface.
A potent SARS-CoV-2 neutralising nanobody shows therapeutic efficacy in the Syrian golden hamster model of COVID-19.
An alpaca nanobody neutralizes SARS-CoV-2 by blocking receptor interaction.
A potent neutralizing nanobody against SARS‐CoV‐2 with inhaled delivery potential.
Molecular characterization of a panel of murine monoclonal antibodies specific for the SARS-coronavirus.
Antibody evasion by the P.1 strain of SARS-CoV-2.
Chicken single-chain variable fragments against the SARS-CoV spike protein.
Synthetic repertoires derived from convalescent COVID-19 patients enable discovery of SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibodies and a novel quaternary binding modality.
Exceptionally Potent Neutralization of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus by Human Monoclonal Antibodies.
A SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing antibody with extensive Spike binding coverage and modified for optimal therapeutic outcomes.
